# Math Mania (IOS Swift UI)

### Description:
The game is designed to help young students practice their math skills. This game is designed for students in kindergarten and grade one to practice math problems in a series of 3 levels. The first level will ask the user to identify odd and even numbers, level 2 will be an addition equation and level 3 will be a subtraction equation that needs to be solved. 

### Functionalities:
There will be various functions that will be implemented into the application. For instance, our application will feature a random number generator. The application will generate a random number where the user then has to make an educated decision to identify the correct answer. There will be 3 levels to this game. After each level of the game is completed the score will be updated. 1 correct answer = 10 points. After the third level is complete, users will be asked to input their name or gaming title. As a result their name will be stored into the leadership board displaying their names and the top 7 players. If the user enters a wrong answer in any of the levels the game will end and the user will be asked to input their name to be considered in the leadership board. The data will be stored into local storage. The data will be stored in local storage so that the game application can be available offline where students can continue perfecting their math skills within the classroom and compete against each other to obtain the highest score. Also it allows for a persistent score board where users can track the highest scoring student in the classroom and track their progress over multiple sessions.
